feat(unimported): support excluding subdirectories (#4086)
beetbox/beets: docs/plugins/unimported.rst

To use the ``unimported`` plugin, enable it in your configuration (see
:ref:`using-plugins`). Then use it by invoking the ``beet unimported`` command.
The command will list all files in the library folder which are not imported. You can
exclude file extensions or entire subdirectories using the configuration file::

    unimported:
        ignore_extensions: jpg png
        ignore_subdirectories: NonMusic data temp

> The default configuration list all unimported files, ignoring no extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration lists all unimported files, ignoring no extensions
or subdirectories.
```
